Hi everyone.
My name is Kim Schmidt, and welcome to my course, Serverless Analytics on AWS.
I am an AWS partner, vendor, and consultant via my company, DataLeader.io.
DataLeader specializes in big data architecture and advanced analytics on AWS.
This course is about best practices when doing big data on AWS,
that far exceeds learning how to work with AWS Glue and Amazon Athena.
Those two technologies have changed the way big data solutions
are architected in the day of AI and ML.
Some of the major topics and solutions to business problems
that we will cover include how to solve the business problem of
heterogenous data transformation,
instantaneous querying of heterogenous data for immediate actionable
insights without the need to first perform ETL,
and among other really,
really cool things is having one centralized
repository for all your global data,
no matter where it physically sits to be in the Glue data catalog,
enabling multiple people to do processing and analytics simultaneously,
having different permutations of the source data
without affecting the actual data.
By the end of this course,
you will have a thorough understanding of modern distributed
advanced analytics workflows that you can begin to immediately
apply to your own applications on AWS.
Before beginning the course, you should have an AWS account,
everything else is taught in the course,
and any prerequisites required before starting the
course are covered first in the modules.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn all about AWS Glue and
Amazon Athena with my Serverless Analytics on AWS course, at Pluralsight.